Princess Linglong did not like to be lively since she was a child
Keep everything simple for the wedding ceremony
3 days later is a good day
The prince and the princess tied the knot
Everything is reduced
That wedding candle is always inevitable
Jin Feiyang
What do you mean?
It's all arranged by His Majesty
Lord Consort, these are gifts from His Majesty
According to the wishes of our princess
No guests today
It's not about feasting.
Your Majesty will not come in person
This marriage is too simple
Does the princess like to be so deserted?
Okay, you can go down first.
Hey, Consort, don't worry
The princess has a problem
If you answer correctly, you will enter the house
If you answer wrong
Then tonight's bridal candle will be avoided
Is that too much?
Hey, Consort
Where is the highest mountain in the world?
Where is the deepest sea?
I'll go in and tell him slowly
Princess, don't be impulsive
Have something to say